Carvalho, Ana 3/20/2026
For Educational Use Only
Anglemire v. Policemen's Benev. Ass'n of Chicago, 301 Ill.App. 277 (1939)
22 N.E.2d 713
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 1
301 Ill.App. 277
Appellate Court of Illinois, Second District.
ANGLEMIRE
v.
POLICEMEN'S BENEV.
ASS'N OF CHICAGO.
POLICEMEN'S BENEV.
ASS'N OF CHICAGO
v.
ANGLEMIRE ET AL.
Gen. No. 9445.
|
Sept. 22, 1939.
Synopsis
Appeal from Circuit Court, Will County; Edwin L.
Wilson, Judge.
Action by Amanda C. Anglemire against the
Policemen's Benevolent Association of Chicago, a
corporation, to recover a sum of money as a beneficiary
under a policy of insurance, wherein the defendant by
interpleader joined Mrs. Bernice Schmelzle and others,
claimants to the fund. From a judgment for Amanda C.
Anglemire, the other parties appeal.
Reversed and remanded, with directions.
West Headnotes (3)
[1] Frauds, Statute Of Nature and
Subject of Agreement in General
185 Frauds, Statute Of
185I In General
185I(B) Agreements in Consideration of
Marriage
185k2 Nature and Subject of Agreement
in General
A parol promise by a certificate holder
of a benefit association that if plaintiff
would marry him he would name her
beneficiary in his certificate was void
under the statute of frauds requiring
promises in consideration of marriage to
be in writing, and certificate holder was
not estopped after marriage from naming
another as beneficiary. S.H.A. ch. 59, § 1.
2 Cases that cite this headnote
[2] Frauds, Statute Of Nature and
Subject of Agreement in General
185 Frauds, Statute Of
185I In General
185I(B) Agreements in Consideration of
Marriage
185k2 Nature and Subject of Agreement
in General
A verbal executory promise or agreement,
made in consideration of marriage, is
within the provision of the statute of
frauds stating that no action shall be
brought “to charge any person upon any
agreement made upon consideration of
marriage” unless the agreement on which
action is brought is in writing and signed
by party to be charged therewith. S.H.A.
ch. 59, § 1.
[3] Frauds, Statute Of Part
Performance in General
185 Frauds, Statute Of
185IX Operation and Effect of Statute
185k129 Part Performance in General
185k129(1) In General
Where an agreement made in
consideration of marriage is void under
the statute of frauds because not in
writing, subsequent marriage of parties
does not constitute a part performance so
as to take contract out of operation of the
statute. S.H.A. ch. 59, § 1.

-- 1 of 4 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/20/2026
For Educational Use Only
Anglemire v. Policemen's Benev. Ass'n of Chicago, 301 Ill.App. 277 (1939)
22 N.E.2d 713
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 2
1 Case that cites this headnote
Attorneys and Law Firms
*278 **713 England, O'Toole & Kays, of Chicago,
and Savage & Holbrook, of Joliet, for appellants.
Irving Shutts, of Joliet, for appellee.
Opinion
HUFFMAN, Justice.
Clinton H. Anglemire had for many years been
a certificate holder in the Policemen's Benevolent
Association of Chicago, a fraternal benefit society. On
November 2, 1935, he married Amanda C. Anglemire.
Following this marriage and on December 13, 1935,
pursuant to the by-laws of the Association with regard
to change of beneficiary, he had a new certificate
issued making her beneficiary therein. On November
20, 1936, pursuant to application to the Association by
the insured in accordance with the constitution and by-
laws thereof, he caused cancellation of the certificate
of December 13, 1935, and procured a new certificate
making appellants herein the beneficiaries. He died
on July 2, 1938. Following his death, Amanda C.
Anglemire, beneficiary in the former certificate, and
appellants as beneficiaries in the latter certificate, each
made claim for the benefits.
Suit was first instituted by Amanda C. Anglemire
in which she claimed that the certificate issued
on December 13, 1935, wherein she was made
beneficiary, was in full force and effect at the time
of the insured's death. She based her claim upon
a parol promise of the insured made to her prior
to the marriage, that if she would marry him, he
would surrender the certificate which he then held and
procure a new one naming her as beneficiary, and that
she relying on such promise, married the insured. She
set up the issuance of the certificate of December 13,
1935, wherein she was made beneficiary, alleged such
certificate to be in her possession, and that she was
ready and willing to surrender it upon payment of
the benefits therein provided. She *279 alleged that
she fulfilled her **714 marriage obligations to the
insured, and that he was estopped from changing the
beneficiary from her to any other person.
The Association answered this complaint alleging that
the insured prior to his death and on November 20,
1936, secured a new certificate pursuant to the by-laws
of the Association, upon his affidavit that the certificate
then existing was in the possession of his wife and
could not be produced by him; and that pursuant to
the constitution and by-laws of the Association, the
certificate of November 20, 1936, was issued in place
of that previously issued under date of December 13,
1935. The certificate of November 20, 1936, named as
beneficiaries the children and a sister of the insured.
In view of the fact that the Association had two
sets of claimants for the benefits provided in the
certificate, it filed its complaint in the nature of a bill
of interpleader making all the claimants defendants.
The cause was then transferred to the chancery docket.
The defendants made answer and hearing was had
upon their respective rights to the benefits. Appellee
based her right thereto upon the parol promise of the
insured that if she would marry him he would make her
beneficiary, and claimed that in consideration of such
promise, she married him; that following the marriage
he surrendered the old certificate and caused to issue a
new one under date of December 13, 1935, naming her
as beneficiary; and that he was estopped from changing
the beneficiary as was done by the certificate issued on
November 20, 1936. Appellants set up that her claim
was barred by the Statute of Frauds, and that her
alleged agreement made with the insured was void.
The trial court held in favor of appellee wife, and
decreed that she was entitled to the benefits accruing
under the certificate. The court found by the decree
that prior to the marriage of the insured with appellee,
he held a benefit certificate in the Association; that
prior to such marriage he promised and agreed with
*280 her that if she would marry him he would
surrender that certificate and procure a new one in
which he would name her as beneficiary; that she,
relying on such promise, married the insured; that after
the marriage he did procure a new certificate naming

-- 2 of 4 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/20/2026
For Educational Use Only
Anglemire v. Policemen's Benev. Ass'n of Chicago, 301 Ill.App. 277 (1939)
22 N.E.2d 713
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 3
her as beneficiary, and of which certificate she is in
possession; that the above agreement between appellee
and the insured upon the subsequent marriage and
change of beneficiary became an executed contract;
that he was estopped from later changing same; that
his action in procuring the certificate of November 20,
1936, was void, and the beneficiaries named therein
not entitled to any of the benefits accruing under the
certificate of the insured in said Association. From the
above decree, the beneficiaries named in the certificate
of November 20, 1936, have prosecuted this appeal.
It appears under Article IV of the constitution and by-
laws of the Association that, “In case a member is
unable for any reason to surrender his certificate for
change of beneficiary, he may file with the Recording
Secretary of the Association, his affidavit, setting
forth the reasons why he is unable to surrender
his certificate, for cancellation and for the issuing
of a new certificate, and in and by such affidavit,
he may designate a new beneficiary of his choice
and such change of beneficiary by affidavit shall
be binding upon the member, his beneficiary and
the Association.” It appears by the testimony of Mr.
Christensen, a member of the Chicago police force
and a Trustee of the Association, that it was his duty
to collect dues from the members and to take care
of the matter of change of beneficiaries. He states
that he knew the insured and that he took care of the
change of beneficiary when the same was changed to
appellee in December, 1935, and also took care of the
last change in beneficiary from her to appellants. The
insured came in person to see this witness regarding the
last change in beneficiary. He stated that he was unable
to produce the certificate then outstanding because
*281 his wife had it, whereupon he was permitted to
fill out an affidavit for the issuance of a new certificate
pursuant to the above provision of the constitution and
by-laws. The affidavit made by the insured was upon
the regular form furnished and used by the Association.
Pursuant to the execution of the affidavit, and in
accordance with the constitution and by-laws of the
Association, the policy of November 20, 1936, making
appellants beneficiaries, was issued and delivered to
the insured, and the certificate issued on December 13,
1935, cancelled.
It appears that the marriage was not a happy one.
The insured was of advanced years and considerably
older than appellee. Their difficulties at times assumed
a violent nature. In the early part of November, **715
1936, appellee took possession of certain securities
of the insured, including the policy in which she was
beneficiary. This precipitated a personal encounter
between them, wherein the insured was not the
winner. Appellee retained the policy. Soon thereafter
the insured made the change of beneficiary by the
cancellation of the certificate of December 13, 1935,
and procuring issuance of that of November 20, 1936.
[1] [2] The English statute of frauds provides that
no action should be brought to charge any person on
any agreement made in consideration of marriage,
unless the agreement or some memorandum or note
thereof should be in writing and signed by the party to
be charged therewith or some person thereunto by him
lawfully authorized. In this country, this provision has
been generally adopted by the various jurisdictions.
And contrary to the rule which prevails in cases of
other contracts, the subsequent marriage of the parties
is not considered to constitute such a part performance
as to take the contract out of the operation of that
provision of the statute of frauds directed against
contracts in consideration of marriage. The rule
in such case is based upon the express language of
the *282 statute. Promise of marriage, followed
by the marriage, is the exact situation contemplated
by the statute. The marriage adds nothing to the
circumstances set out by the statutory provision which
makes a writing essential. The promise in itself being
a nullity, produces no obligation, and any subsequent
act of the husband following the marriage must be
considered as purely voluntary. Thus the agreement
being void under the statute of frauds, the act of
the husband after marriage even though in view of
such agreement, must be deemed to be without legal
consideration to support it, and as above said, stands
therefore upon the same basis as if such act were
purely voluntary. Hence the insured had the right to
change the beneficiary in the policy as provided by the
constitution and by-laws of the Association.
[3] Under the English statute of frauds, and similar
enactments in the various jurisdictions in this country,

-- 3 of 4 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/20/2026
For Educational Use Only
Anglemire v. Policemen's Benev. Ass'n of Chicago, 301 Ill.App. 277 (1939)
22 N.E.2d 713
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 4
promises in consideration of marriage, other than
the mutual promise to marry, are required to be in
writing; and an oral promise to settle property upon an
intended spouse is void. It is well settled in this state
that a verbal executory promise or agreement, made
in consideration of marriage, is embraced within
the provision of the statute of frauds, requiring that
actions, “to charge any person upon any agreement
made upon consideration of marriage, * * * shall
be in writing, and signed by the party to be charged
therewith.” McAnnulty v. McAnnulty, 120 Ill. 26,
11 N.E. 397, 60 Am.Rep. 552; Richardson v.
Richardson, 148 Ill. 563, 36 N.E. 608, 26 L.R.A. 305;
Keady v. White, 168 Ill. 76, 48 N.E. 314; Austin v.
Kuehn, 211 Ill. 113, 71 N.E. 841; Garlock v. Campbell,
263 Ill.App. 287.
Appellee bases her right to the benefits of the
certificate upon an oral promise of the insured, made
in consideration of marriage. Under sec. 1 of ch. 59
of the statutes, Ill.Rev.Stat.1937 (commonly called the
statute of frauds), such an agreement was void, and
the subsequent marriage *283 did not take the same
out of the operation of the statute.
The decree is reversed and the cause remanded to the
trial court with directions to enter judgment in favor of
appellants.
Reversed and remanded with directions.
All Citations
301 Ill.App. 277, 22 N.E.2d 713
End of Document © 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S.
Government Works.

-- 4 of 4 --