Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 1
361 S.W.3d 153
Court of Appeals of Texas, Houston (1st Dist.).
WESTSIDE WRECKER
SERVICE, INC., Appellant,
v.
Patricia Davis SKAFI d/b/a Master
Auto Body Shop and d/b/a North
Loop Towing and Dwight Cannon
d/b/a D.C. Wrecker, Appellees.
No. 01–10–00668–CV
|
Nov. 17, 2011.
Synopsis
Background: Subcontractor towing company
principals brought action against contractor towing
company, alleging breach of contract and unjust
enrichment in relation to business arrangement
regarding government towing contract. After jury trial,
the 269th District Court, Harris County, Dan Hinde,
J., entered judgment in part in favor of subcontractors.
Contractor appealed.
Holdings: The Court of Appeals, Harvey Brown, J.,
held that:
[1] oral agreement between contractor and
subcontractors could not have been fully performed
within one year, and thus enforcement of parties'
agreement was barred by statute of frauds, and
[2] evidence was not legally sufficient to support
verdict that towing company contractor created a
partnership with towing company subcontractors, as
would support subcontractors' breach of fiduciary duty
claim.
Affirmed in part, reversed in part, and rendered.
Procedural Posture(s): On Appeal.
West Headnotes (18)
[1] Appeal and Error Legal
sufficiency or "no evidence" in general
30 Appeal and Error
30XVI Review
30XVI(D) Scope and Extent of Review
30XVI(D)10 Sufficiency of Evidence
30k3489 Review for Factual or Legal
Sufficiency; "No Evidence" Review
30k3492 Legal sufficiency or "no
evidence" in general
(Formerly 30k1001(3))
When a party attacks the legal sufficiency
of the evidence to support an adverse jury
finding on an issue for which it did not
have the burden of proof at trial, it must
show that no evidence supports the jury's
adverse finding.
[2] Damages Verdict and Findings
115 Damages
115X Proceedings for Assessment
115k219 Verdict and Findings
115k219.1 In general
A liability finding is essential to the award
of damages unless liability is established
as a matter of law or uncontested.
1 Case that cites this headnote
[3] Frauds, Statute of Possibility of
discharge or other termination without
performance
185 Frauds, Statute of
185V Agreements Not to Be Performed
Within One Year or During Lifetime
185k51 Possibility of discharge or other
termination without performance
Was enforcement of oral
agreement barred by statute
of frauds? Yes

-- 1 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 2
Material Facts
• Even though
agreement could
have been terminated
through termination of
government program
under which towing
contract was issued,
agreement was
intended to run for
five-year term of
government contract
• Agreement would
not have been void
ab initio if it had not
been terminable at
will, and jury found
that contractor did not
have right to terminate
agreement at will
Causes of Action
Contract Enforcement
Oral agreement between contractor
towing company and subcontractor
towing companies regarding storage and
free tows, made in response to contractor's
successful bid on government towing
contract, could not have been fully
performed within one year, and thus
enforcement of parties' agreement was
barred by statute of frauds, even though
agreement could have been terminated
through termination of government
program under which towing contract was
issued; agreement was intended to run
for five-year term of government contract,
agreement would not have been void ab
initio if it had not been terminable at will,
and jury found that contractor did not
have right to terminate agreement at will.
V.T.C.A., Bus. & C. § 26.01(a), (b)(6).
1 Case that cites this headnote
More cases on this issue
[4] Frauds, Statute of Possibility of
discharge or other termination without
performance
185 Frauds, Statute of
185V Agreements Not to Be Performed
Within One Year or During Lifetime
185k51 Possibility of discharge or other
termination without performance
A contract for performance that is
intended to span a period of more
than one year falls within the statute
of frauds even if the contract may be
terminated within one year upon the
happening of some event other than
completed performance. V.T.C.A., Bus.
& C. § 26.01(a), (b)(6).
4 Cases that cite this headnote
[5] Frauds, Statute of Possibility of
Performance
185 Frauds, Statute of
185V Agreements Not to Be Performed
Within One Year or During Lifetime
185k48 Possibility of Performance
185k49 In general
Contracts in which the contemplated
performance may or may not span a period
of more than one year fall outside the
statute of frauds. V.T.C.A., Bus. & C. §
26.01(a), (b)(6).
3 Cases that cite this headnote
[6] Frauds, Statute of Possibility of
Performance
Frauds, Statute of Possibility of
discharge or other termination without
performance
185 Frauds, Statute of
185V Agreements Not to Be Performed
Within One Year or During Lifetime
185k48 Possibility of Performance
185k49 In general
185 Frauds, Statute of

-- 2 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 3
185V Agreements Not to Be Performed
Within One Year or During Lifetime
185k51 Possibility of discharge or other
termination without performance
Termination of a contract may occur in
the absence of completed performance,
but such a termination does not alter the
applicability of the statute of frauds to the
contract. V.T.C.A., Bus. & C. § 26.01(a),
(b)(6).
2 Cases that cite this headnote
[7] Costs, Fees, and
Sanctions Contracts
102 Costs, Fees, and Sanctions
102III Awards of Costs and Fees
102III(A) In General; Grounds and
Factors Considered
102III(A)2 Particular Subjects of
Litigation
102k563 Contracts
102k564 In general
(Formerly 102k194.32)
Was prevailing party status
established as required for
attorney fees award? No
Material Facts
• Court of Appeals held
that enforcement of
agreement between
subcontractors and
contractor was barred
by statute of frauds
Causes of Action
Contract Enforcement
Towing subcontractors were not the
prevailing party on breach of contract
claim and thus could not recover
attorney's fees from towing contractor,
where Court of Appeals held that
enforcement of agreement between
subcontractors and contractor was barred
by statute of frauds. V.T.C.A., Civil
Practice & Remedies Code § 38.001(8).
More cases on this issue
[8] Partnership Sharing Profits and
Losses
Partnership Sharing control or
management of business
Partnership Control and
Management of Partnership Business
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(B) Creation and Requisites in
General
289k422 Community of Interest
289k426 Sharing Profits and Losses
289k426(1) In general
(Formerly 289k5)
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(B) Creation and Requisites in
General
289k422 Community of Interest
289k429 Sharing control or management
of business
(Formerly 289k5)
289 Partnership
289IV Mutual Rights, Duties, and
Liabilities of Partners
289IV(B) Nature of Obligation Among
Partners
289k563 Control and Management of
Partnership Business
289k564 In general
(Formerly 289k79)
Shared rights to profits and to control
the business are generally considered
the most important factors under the
former Texas Revised Partnership Act
(TRPA) in establishing the existence
of a partnership. Vernon's Ann.Texas
Civ.St. art. 6132b–2.03(a) (Expired).
4 Cases that cite this headnote
[9] Partnership Sharing Profits and
Losses
289 Partnership

-- 3 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 4
289I The Relation in General
289I(B) Creation and Requisites in
General
289k422 Community of Interest
289k426 Sharing Profits and Losses
289k426(1) In general
(Formerly 289k5)
Did implied partnership
exist? No
Material Facts
• Parties did not share
all expenses for
operations, with each
company bearing
its own expenses
for purchase of
equipment, installing
navigation systems
on trucks, and driver
payment
• Evidence indicated
that each party
retained own
individual revenues
from own work
Towing company contractor and towing
company subcontractors did not share
profits from contractor's government
towing contract, as would support
finding that contractor and subcontractors
were a partnership under former Texas
Revised Partnership Act (TRPA), despite
subcontractors' assertion that the parties'
equal sharing of certain expenses and
rotation system between companies
intended to keep revenues fair essentially
amounted to sharing profits; parties
did not share all of the expenses for
government contract-related operations,
with each company bearing its own
expenses for purchase of equipment,
installing navigation systems on tow
trucks, and driver payment, and evidence
indicated that each party retained
own individual revenues from own
work. Vernon's Ann.Texas Civ.St. art.
6132b–2.03(a) (Expired).
More cases on this issue
[10] Partnership Intent
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(C) Partnership Agreement
289k447 Form, Requisites, and Validity
of Agreement
289k453 Intent
(Formerly 289k17)
When considering whether parties
expressed an intent to be partners, courts
look at the parties' speech, writings, and
conduct.
3 Cases that cite this headnote
[11] Partnership Intent
Partnership Weight and Sufficiency
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(C) Partnership Agreement
289k447 Form, Requisites, and Validity
of Agreement
289k453 Intent
(Formerly 289k17)
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(F) Evidence and Determination
289k500 Weight and Sufficiency
289k501 In general
(Formerly 289k52)
Evidence of expressions of parties' intent
to be partners could include, for example,
the parties' statements that they are
partners, one party holding the other
party out as a partner on the business's
letterhead or name plate, or in a signed
partnership agreement; this inquiry is
separate and apart from the other factors
in analysis of whether a partnership exists
and should only include evidence not
specifically probative of the other factors.

-- 4 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 5
6 Cases that cite this headnote
[12] Partnership Intent
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(C) Partnership Agreement
289k447 Form, Requisites, and Validity
of Agreement
289k453 Intent
(Formerly 289k17)
Was implied partnership
formed? No
Material Facts
• Despite
subcontractors'
printed statement on
checks referring to
partnership, there
was no evidence
that contractor
acknowledged,
or even noticed,
statement on checks
• Contractor principal
told other principals
that he had no
intention of being
partners with anyone
• Contractor principal
rejected draft
partnership agreement
between contractor
and one other
subcontractor
• Businesses did not
change their name to
reference each other,
did not share bank
accounts, and did not
file partnership return
for alleged partnership
• Each business
maintained only
separate insurance for
their own business
Causes of Action
Breach of Duty > Fiduciary
Duty
Towing company contractor did not
express an intent to be partner of
subcontractor towing companies, as
would support subcontractors' claim that
partnership between parties existed so
as to support breach of fiduciary duty
claim against contractor arising out
of failed agreement between parties
regarding performance of a government
towing contract, despite subcontractors'
printed statement on checks referring
to partnership; there was no evidence
that contractor acknowledged, or even
noticed, statement on checks, contractor
principal told other principals that he
had no intention of being partners with
anyone, contractor principal rejected draft
partnership agreement between contractor
and one other subcontractor, none of
the businesses changed their name to
reference each other, none shared a
bank account, none filed a partnership
return for alleged partnership, and
each maintained only separate insurance
for their own business. Vernon's
Ann.Texas Civ.St. art. 6132b–2.03(a)
(Expired).
More cases on this issue
[13] Partnership Admissibility
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(F) Evidence and Determination
289k493 Admissibility
289k494 In general
(Formerly 289k46)
A lay witness's conclusion as to whether
or not a partnership has been formed is not
competent evidence of the formation of a
partnership.

-- 5 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 6
2 Cases that cite this headnote
[14] Partnership Control and
Management of Partnership Business
289 Partnership
289IV Mutual Rights, Duties, and
Liabilities of Partners
289IV(B) Nature of Obligation Among
Partners
289k563 Control and Management of
Partnership Business
289k564 In general
(Formerly 289k79)
Sharing of control, like sharing of profits,
is typically given particular importance
in the analysis of whether a partnership
exists.
[15] Partnership Control and
Management of Partnership Business
289 Partnership
289IV Mutual Rights, Duties, and
Liabilities of Partners
289IV(B) Nature of Obligation Among
Partners
289k563 Control and Management of
Partnership Business
289k564 In general
(Formerly 289k79)
Was implied partnership
formed? No
Material Facts
• There was no evidence
that any parties had
any right to make
executive decisions
that extended beyond
operation of their own
individual company
Causes of Action
Breach of Duty > Fiduciary
Duty
Towing company contractor did not share
control of business with subcontractor
towing companies, as would support
subcontractors' claim that partnership
between parties existed so as to support
breach of fiduciary duty claim against
contractor arising out of failed agreement
between parties regarding performance
of a government towing contract; there
was no evidence that any of parties had
any right to make executive decisions
that extended beyond operation of their
own individual company. Vernon's
Ann.Texas Civ.St. art. 6132b–2.03(a)
(Expired).
3 Cases that cite this headnote
More cases on this issue
[16] Partnership Sharing expenses
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(B) Creation and Requisites in
General
289k422 Community of Interest
289k428 Sharing expenses
(Formerly 289k5)
Was implied partnership
found? No
Material Facts
• Sharing specific
expenses was not
evidence of sharing
losses or liabilities
• Subcontractor
principal testified that
parties did not have
type of agreement
whereby subcontractor
might share liability
for contractor's drivers
Causes of Action
Breach of Duty > Fiduciary
Duty
Towing company contractor did not share
losses or liability with subcontractor
towing companies, as would support

-- 6 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 7
subcontractors' claim that partnership
between parties existed so as to support
breach of fiduciary duty claim against
contractor arising out of failed agreement
between parties regarding performance
of a government towing contract,
even though parties shared certain
expenses; sharing specific expenses was
not evidence of sharing losses or
liabilities, and subcontractor principal
testified that parties did not have type
of agreement whereby subcontractor
might share liability for contractor's
drivers. Vernon's Ann.Texas Civ.St.
art. 6132b–2.03(a) (Expired).
2 Cases that cite this headnote
More cases on this issue
[17] Partnership Consideration
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(C) Partnership Agreement
289k447 Form, Requisites, and Validity
of Agreement
289k455 Consideration
(Formerly 289k19)
Was implied partnership
formed? Yes
Material Facts
• Towing company
subcontractors
contributed to alleged
partnership with
towing company
contractor by
issuing payments of
government contract
fees purportedly
made on behalf of
partnership
Causes of Action
Breach of Duty > Fiduciary
Duty
Fact that towing company subcontractors
contributed to alleged partnership with
towing company contractor by issuing
payments of government contract fees
purportedly made on behalf of partnership
constituted some evidence of existence
of a partnership between subcontractors
and contractor, as would support
subcontractors' claim of breach of
fiduciary duty against contractor arising
out of failed agreement between parties
regarding performance of government
towing contract. Vernon's Ann.Texas
Civ.St. art. 6132b–2.03(a) (Expired).
More cases on this issue
[18] Partnership As between partners
289 Partnership
289I The Relation in General
289I(F) Evidence and Determination
289k500 Weight and Sufficiency
289k502 As between partners
(Formerly 289k53)
Was partnership formed? No
Material Facts
• Parties did not share
profits, losses, or
liabilities
• Each party maintained
exclusive control
over his or her own
business operations
• There was no evidence
that contractor
principal or any
other representative
of contractor ever
expressed intent to be
partners
Causes of Action
Breach of Duty > Fiduciary
Duty
Evidence was not legally sufficient
to support jury verdict that towing

-- 7 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 8
company contractor created a partnership
with towing company subcontractors, as
would support subcontractors' breach of
fiduciary duty claim against contractor
arising out of failed agreement between
parties regarding performance of a
government towing contract, even
though there was some evidence
that subcontractor principals contributed
money to alleged partnership, where
parties did not share profits, losses,
or liabilities, each party maintained
exclusive control over his or her own
business operations, and there was no
evidence that contractor principal or
any other representative of contractor
ever expressed intent to be partners.
Vernon's Ann.Texas Civ.St. art.
6132b–2.03(a) (Expired).
More cases on this issue
Attorneys and Law Firms
*156 Jennifer B. Hogan, Matthew E. Coveler,
Richard P. Hogan Jr., Hogan & Hogan, L.L.P., William
L. Bowers Jr., Hamel Bowers & Clark, C. Leland
Hamel, Houston, TX, for Appellant.
William F. Harmeyer, William F. Harmeyer &
Associates, P.C., Houston, TX, for Appellees.
Panel consists of Justices JENNINGS, SHARP, and
BROWN.
OPINION
HARVEY BROWN, Justice.
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. challenges the trial
court's judgment awarding damages for unpaid storage
and towing fees to Patricia Davis Skafi, d/b/a Master
Auto Body Shop and d/b/a North Loop Towing, and
Dwight Cannon, d/b/a D.C. Wrecker. A jury found
that Westside breached an oral contract with Skafi
and Cannon, the parties had formed a partnership,
and Westside breached various partnership duties to
Skafi and Cannon. The trial court disregarded the jury's
liability findings on breach of contract and partnership
duties, as well as some of the jury's damages findings,
but it entered judgment for Skafi and Cannon for
unpaid towing and storage fees and attorney's fees.
In six issues, Westside contends that the trial court
erred by awarding damages in the absence of a
liability finding; there is no evidence to support
Skafi and Cannon's damages; and challenges the
trial court's award of attorney's fees. In five issues,
Skafi and Cannon contend that the trial court erred
in disregarding the jury's finding that Westside had
failed to comply with its agreement “to timely pay
for storage and free tows” performed by Skafi and
Cannon because the statute of frauds does not bar
enforcement of the parties' oral agreement; the trial
court erred in granting judgment notwithstanding
the verdict because the jury's partnership finding
was supported by legally sufficient evidence of the
statutory partnership factors and the statute of frauds
does not apply to the jury's partnership finding; “[i]f
the jury's *157 partnership finding is reinstated
on appeal, this case should [be] remand[ed] for an
accounting of Mr. Cannon's partnership damages”; and
respond to Westside's challenges to the damages and
attorney's fees awarded.
We reverse the trial court's judgment with respect to
Westside,1 and enter judgment that Skafi and Cannon
take nothing on their claims against Westside.
Background
In 2004, the City of Houston initiated the “SAFEClear”
program to establish a system for the prompt removal
of disabled vehicles from Houston's freeways, and it
divided the freeways within the city into coverage
segments, which would be assigned to specific tow
truck operators for removal of disabled vehicles. Tow
truck operators were permitted to submit bids for the
job, and the winning bidders were awarded five-year

-- 8 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 9
contracts to provide exclusive towing services for the
highways in their coverage area.
The four tow truck companies and their principals
involved in this suit are: (1) Richard King, president
of Westside, (2) Dwight Cannon, doing business as
D.C. Wrecker, (3) Patricia Skafi, doing business as
Master Auto Body Shop and North Loop Towing,
and (4) Rex Owens, owner of Corporate Auto Sales
and Miller Paint & Body.2 In anticipation of the
SAFEClear bidding process, King, Cannon, Skafi,
and Owens discussed how their businesses could
work together in pursuing SAFEClear contracts. The
substance of these discussions and the nature of the
parties' agreements are at the crux of this dispute.
While much of what the parties did and did not agree
upon is disputed, the parties did agree that Westside
would bid on SAFEClear segments 21–24, Corporate
Auto would bid on segments 25–26, and Cannon and
Skafi would not submit bids but would be identified
as subcontractors in Westside's and Corporate Auto's
bids.
The bid packages submitted by Westside and
Corporate Auto advertised the group's collective
experience: “We are four wrecker companies[;]
collectively, we have over 100 years of experience
in the wrecker/storage industry.” The package also
identified the group's cumulative equipment and
assets. The city awarded the SAFEClear contracts for
highway segments 21–24 to Westside and the contracts
for segments 25–26 to Corporate Auto. Cannon
and Skafi were subcontractors under Westside's and
Corporate Auto's SAFEClear contracts. Westside and
Corporate Auto were subcontractors under each other's
SAFEClear contracts.
After winning the bids, Westside, Corporate Auto,
Cannon, and Skafi continued to try to hammer
out their working relationship. Owens prepared a
draft partnership agreement that made Westside and
Corporate Auto partners. The draft agreement was not
well received. Cannon and Skafi were offended that
they were not included as partners, and King stated that
Westside did not want to enter into a partnership with
anyone else. Ultimately, the parties abandoned their
efforts to enter into a written agreement. As Cannon
described it: “[I]t seemed like everything that anybody
wrote up, one or two people in the group didn't agree
with it.... I mean, we just never got anything that
anybody could agree [to] in writing.”
*158 But the parties continued to work together in
connection with the SAFEClear contracts. Westside,
Corporate Auto, Cannon, and Skafi agreed on a
rotation system that gave them equal time servicing
each of the SAFEClear segments awarded to Westside
and Corporate Auto, and they each paid an equal
one-fourth share of the SAFEClear bid price and
related expenses. The rotation system was intended
to give each of them an equal opportunity to earn
revenues from their participation in SAFEClear—“to
keep the income as fair as it could be.” Skafi
and Cannon provided Westside and Corporate Auto
cashier's checks for their one-fourth share of the bid
fee. Three checks contained the following statement:
“as partner in City of Houston Major Freeway Tow.”
The foursome hired Denny Messer to serve as their
SAFEClear manager, and they agreed to each pay an
equal share of his $120,000 salary.
Disputes arose between the parties during the
performance of the SAFEClear contracts. Westside
hoped to realize increased storage business as a result
of working with the other members of the group.
Westside's president, King, believed that Cannon and
Skafi had agreed to close their storage lots and deliver
storage cars to Westside in exchange for payment of
towing charges and a commission on revenue. Cannon
and Skafi did not feel they had bound themselves to
any specific obligation to close their storage lots or
deliver storage cars to Westside. Cannon and Skafi
believed that Westside was not paying them properly
for storage cars that they did deliver to Westside.
They also believed that Westside was not reimbursing
them for “free tows” provided under the SAFEClear
program, for which Westside and Corporate Auto
received yearly reimbursements from the city.3
Westside complained that, once the city implemented
the “free tow” system, the other towers' drivers stopped
coming to work on time during their rotations and

-- 9 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 10
wandered outside of their segment area in search of
higher paying tows. According to Westside, the poor
performance of the other towing companies' drivers
caused the city to threaten to take away its SAFEClear
contracts. This concerned Westside because Westside
had no ability to control the other towing companies'
drivers.
Ten months after the city awarded the SAFEClear
contracts, Westside and Corporate Auto agreed that
they would stop providing services on each other's
segments and concentrate on their own segments
instead. Westside remained dissatisfied with Cannon's
and Skafi's drivers. Four months later, Westside sent
Skafi a termination notice and sent Cannon a letter
demanding that his company pay Westside certain
fees, repair non-operational GPS on Cannon's trucks
as required by the city's contracts, and comply
with rules previously adopted by the parties, if it
wished to continue to service Westside's SAFEClear
segments. Westside later terminated Cannon from its
SAFEClear segments. According to Cannon and Skafi,
Westside did not terminate them for performance
reasons. Rather, after the city eliminated the fees it
originally charged *159 for the SAFEClear contracts,
Westside no longer needed them to contribute to the
SAFEClear expenses and eliminated their subcontracts
to maximize its own profits.
Skafi and Cannon brought this action, alleging claims
for breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, and
promissory estoppel, and requesting injunctive relief
and an accounting. Skafi and Cannon pled that their
business arrangement with Westside and Corporate
Auto was a joint venture. Westside denied Skafi and
Cannon's allegations and pled affirmative defenses
including the statute of frauds, prior breach, and
failure to mitigate. Westside also pled offset and
brought counterclaims against Skafi and Cannon for
breach of contract and a declaratory judgment that
Westside was never a partner with Skafi or Cannon,
that Skafi and Cannon had no rights or interest in
Westside's SAFEClear contracts, and that the parties'
oral agreement was terminable at will.
After a seven-day trial, the jury made numerous
findings regarding the agreements and interactions
between the parties. The jury rejected Westside's
recollection of the parties' agreement, finding that (1)
Skafi had not agreed to close her storage lot, (2) neither
Skafi nor Cannon had agreed to require their drivers
to tow all non-repairable vehicles to Westside's storage
lot, and (3) the parties had not agreed that the parties
could terminate the agreement at any time for any
reason. The jury also rejected Westside's failure to
mitigate defense.
With respect to the jury question on Westside's
compliance with the parties' agreements, the charge
instructed the jury that the parties had agreed
to the following: (1) Skafi and Cannon would
be subcontractors for Westside on its SAFEClear
segments; (2) all parties would require their drivers
to comply with the city's tow truck ordinances and
regulations, the SAFEClear program rules, and the
terms of the SAFEClear contract between the city
and Westside or Corporate Auto; (3) each party
would pay their fair share of reasonable dispatch
and administrative charges incurred by Westside; and
(4) Westside would timely pay for storage and free
tows performed by Skafi and Cannon on Westside's
SAFEClear segment. The jury found that Skafi and
Cannon complied with the parties' agreements but
Westside did not. No damage question was predicated
on the breach of contract findings, but the jury
separately awarded Skafi and Cannon damages for
unpaid storage fees and awarded Cannon damages for
unpaid free tows.
The jury charge also asked whether Westside created
a partnership with Skafi, Cannon, and Corporate Auto
to conduct the SAFEClear business, to which the jury
answered “yes.” The jury then found that Westside
breached its duties of loyalty and care to Skafi and
Cannon, and it awarded lost profit damages to Skafi
on this basis. No question was submitted on damages
to Cannon as a result of Westside's breach of these
duties.4 The jury also found that Westside failed to
comply with its fiduciary duty to Skafi and Cannon.5
But it found that Skafi suffered no damages as a
result *160 of this breach, and the charge did not
include a question on breach of fiduciary damages to
Cannon. Predicated on findings that Westside breached

-- 10 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 11
its duties of loyalty, care, or as a fiduciary, the jury
found that the harm to Skafi and Cannon resulted from
malice or fraud and awarded exemplary damages to
both.6 The jury found that Skafi and Cannon complied
with their fiduciary duty to Westside. The jury also
awarded attorney's fees.
The parties filed numerous post-judgment motions.
Westside filed a motion to disregard some or all of
the jury's findings on the grounds that no partnership
existed as a matter of law, the statute of frauds
bars Skafi and Cannon's recovery, the evidence was
not legally sufficient to support the damages awards,
the lost profits and unpaid fee awards could not
support exemplary damages, and the attorney's fees
award should be denied or reduced. Skafi and Cannon
moved for interlocutory judgment on the jury verdict,
appointment of a receiver over the partnership, and an
accounting and appointment of a Master in Chancery
to serve as an auditor. Skafi and Cannon also sought
leave for a post-trial amendment of their breach
of contract pleadings to include unpaid towing fees
or, alternatively, to plead such damages as unjust
enrichment.
The trial court granted Westside's motion to disregard
the jury's answers with respect to question four
(Westside's breach of contract) and questions eight
through twenty (existence of a partnership, breach
of duties of loyalty, care and as a fiduciary, Skafi's
lost profits, and exemplary damages). This ruling left
only three jury findings in place: the unpredicated
damages questions regarding unpaid storage and
towing (questions twenty-five and twenty-six) and
the attorney's fees question (question twenty-seven).7
The trial court denied Skafi and Cannon's motion for
post-trial amendment of their pleadings to include a
claim for unpaid towing fees but nevertheless awarded
Cannon the unpaid towing fees found by the jury.8 In
its final judgment, the trial court ordered that Westside
pay Skafi and Cannon the unpaid storage and towing
fees found by the jury, together with pre- and post-
judgment interest and attorney's fees. The trial court
did not award exemplary damages or Skafi's lost
profits.
After the judgment, Westside moved for (1) a take-
nothing judgment in its favor notwithstanding the
jury verdict, (2) new trial or, alternatively, remittitur,
and (3) modification, correction, or reformation of
the judgment. The trial court denied Westside's post-
judgment motions.
Standard of Review
[1] Westside raises a legal sufficiency challenge
to the jury's findings relating to the existence of a
partnership and to unpaid storage and towing damages.
When a party attacks the legal sufficiency of the
evidence to support an adverse jury finding on an
issue for which it did not have the burden of proof
at trial, it must show that no evidence supports the
jury's adverse finding. *161 Exxon Corp. v.
Emerald Oil & Gas Co., L.C., 348 S.W.3d 194, 215
(Tex.2011). Evidence is legally sufficient to support a
jury finding if it “would enable reasonable and fair-
minded people to reach the verdict under review.” Id.
(quoting City of Keller v. Wilson, 168 S.W.3d 802,
827 (Tex.2005)). In reviewing the legal sufficiency
of the evidence supporting a jury finding, we “credit
favorable evidence if reasonable jurors could, and
disregard contrary evidence unless reasonable jurors
could not.” Id. (quoting City of Keller, 168 S.W.3d
at 827).
The remaining disputes on appeal focus not on the
sufficiency of the evidence to support the jury's
findings but on the legal effect of the jury's findings.
These are questions of law, which we review under
a de novo standard. See Nguyen v. Yovan, 317
S.W.3d 261, 267 (Tex.App.-Houston [1st Dist.] 2009,
pet. denied) (holding that whether contract falls within
statute of frauds is question of law, which we review
de novo).
Westside's Appeal

-- 11 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 12
A. The trial court erred in awarding Skafi and
Cannon damages for unpaid towing and storage
fees
In its first issue, Westside contends, in part, that the
parties' oral agreement is barred by the statute of frauds
and, although the trial court properly disregarded the
jury's breach of contract finding on that basis, it erred
in awarding Skafi and Cannon towing and storage
damages because there was no liability finding left
to support the damages. In their fourth and second
issues, Skafi and Cannon argue that the trial court erred
in disregarding the jury's breach of contract findings
because the statute of frauds does not apply. They also
argue that the jury findings on towing and storage
damages may stand alone and need not be supported
by a separate liability finding.
1. Skafi's and Cannon's damages arise from their
agreement with Westside regarding towing and
storage
Jury question twenty-five asked:
What sum of money, if any, if paid now in cash, by
Westside, would fairly and reasonably compensate
Dwight Cannon for the following?
...
a. Unpaid free tows from January 1, 2005 to
September 30, 2008.
b. Unpaid storage from January 1, 2005 to
November 30, 2005.
Similarly, question twenty-six asked:
What sum of money, if any, if paid now in cash, by
Westside, would fairly and reasonably compensate
Patricia Davis Skafi for unpaid storage from January
1, 2005, to October 31, 2005?
Although these questions were not expressly
predicated on the jury's answer to question four—the
breach of contract question—a relationship is evident
on the face of the charge. Question four instructed the
jury that the parties had made a number of agreements,
among them: “Westside agreed to timely pay for
storage and free tows performed by Ms. Skafi and
M[r]. Cannon on Segments 21 through 24.” It then
asked if Westside failed to comply with the agreement,
to which the jury answered “yes.”
Skafi and Cannon argue that, as the instruction to
question four indicates, they proved this agreement as a
matter of law. Therefore, they assert, there was no need
to predicate the jury's damages awards in questions
twenty-five and twenty-six on the jury's answer to
question four. Skafi and Cannon further contend that
the damages questions subsume a liability finding
because they ask what sum “if any” would compensate
Skafi and Cannon. Finally, they assert that Westside
failed to object *162 to the submission of questions
twenty-five and twenty-six without predication on a
finding in question four that Westside breached its
agreement.
[2] A liability finding is essential to the award of
damages unless liability is established as a matter of
law or uncontested. See Fire Ins. Exch. v. Sullivan,
192 S.W.3d 99, 107 (Tex.App.-Houston [14th Dist.]
2006, pet. denied); Mitchell v. Bank of Am., N.A., 156
S.W.3d 622, 627 (Tex.App.-Dallas 2004, pet. denied);
Turner v. Lone Star Indus., Inc., 733 S.W.2d 242, 246
(Tex.App.-Houston [1st Dist.] 1987, writ ref'd n.r.e.).
Under certain circumstances, the court of appeals may
deem a finding in support of the trial court's judgment.
See Tex.R. Civ. P. 279; Gulf States Utils. Co. v.
Low, 79 S.W.3d 561, 565 (Tex.2002); see also Emerson
Elec. Co. v. Am. Permanent Ware Co., 201 S.W.3d 301,
318 (Tex.App.-Dallas 2006, no pet.) (refusing to imply
DTPA liability finding to support award of additional
damages found in unpredicated jury question on lost
good will). But we need not decide whether questions
twenty-five and twenty-six could stand alone without
the liability finding in question four or whether a
liability finding should be deemed solely on the basis
of questions twenty-five and twenty-six because Skafi
and Cannon rely on the same basis for liability with
respect to all three questions: Westside's agreement to
pay for towing and storage, which is set forth in the
instructions to question four. Skafi and Cannon do not
argue an alternative basis for recovering the towing and
storage damages.9

-- 12 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 13
Thus, if the statute of frauds bars enforcement of
Westside's alleged agreement to pay Skafi and Cannon
for storage and free tows, the jury's findings on all
damages must be disregarded.
2. The statute of frauds bars Skafi's and
Cannon's recovery of unpaid storage and “free
tow” damages
[3] Under the statute of frauds, a promise or
agreement that cannot be fully performed within one
year is not enforceable unless there is a writing signed
by the party against which enforcement is sought. Tex.
Bus. & Com.Code § 26.01(a), (b)(6). Because there
is no written agreement between the parties on the
subject, the issue is whether the parties' oral agreement
regarding storage fees and “free tow” reimbursements
is subject to the statute of frauds. Westside contends
that the parties tied the duration of their agreements to
the five-year term of Westside's SAFEClear contract
with the city.10 Therefore, Westside asserts, the
agreements were for a term longer than one year and
are barred by the statute of frauds. Skafi and Cannon
argue that Westside's obligation to pay for free tows
and storage arose out of their at-will subcontractor
relationship with Westside and the city. They argue that
such at-will agreements can be fully performed within
one year and, therefore, are not barred by the statute
of frauds.
The problems with Skafi and Cannon's position are
two-fold. First, the jury found that the parties could
not terminate their agreement at-will. Although Skafi
*163 and Cannon now point to Westside's contention
at trial that it could terminate the agreement at-
will, Skafi and Cannon took the position at trial
that Westside could not terminate their agreement at-
will. The jury agreed with Skafi and Cannon, and
no party has challenged this finding on appeal. The
parties and this Court are therefore bound by the jury's
finding. E.g., Abatement Inc. v. Williams, 324 S.W.3d
858, 862 (Tex. App.-Houston [14th Dist.] 2010, pet.
denied) (“unchallenged jury findings are binding”);
Carbona v. CH Med., Inc., 266 S.W.3d 675, 687
(Tex.App.-Dallas 2008, no pet.) (same).
Second, Skafi and Cannon both testified that their
agreement with Westside was intended to run for the
five-year term of Westside's SAFEClear contracts,
unless the city terminated the SAFEClear contract
sooner. Skafi testified that she expected the group
of four's business arrangement to last for five years
unless the city terminated the SAFEClear contracts
earlier, which was a concern due to litigation over the
SAFEClear program. She also testified that Westside
breached the parties' agreement by terminating her
before the end of the five-year term. Cannon provided
similar testimony:
A. The day that we shook hands and agreed to a
deal, it was for a five-year city contract or until
the contract ended.... [I]f we weren't happy at the
end of that time, I could go and start all over and
bid again, or whatever the process would be with
the city.”
Q. So the business deal that you are describing,
each party, according to you, contemplated that it
would last for five years?
A. That's correct, or until the contract ended.
Skafi and Cannon attempt on appeal to make a
distinction between their agreement with Westside
and their “subcontractor relationship as to the [c]ity,”
but they did not pursue any liability theory at trial
that would allow them to recover from Westside on
the basis of their at-will subcontract with the city.
All of the testimony links the parties' relationship
and obligations to each other with the term of the
SAFEClear contracts.11 The right to recover for “free
tows” is directly referable to the SAFEClear contracts.
Skafi and Cannon rely on Clear Lake City Water
Authority v. Clear Lake Utilities Co., 549 S.W.2d 385,
390 (Tex.1977) to support their contention that their
agreements with Westside constituted “continuing
contracts” that were terminable at-will. In Clear
Lake City Water Authority, the Court observed that
“contracts which contemplate continuing performance
(or successive performances) and which are indefinite
in duration can be terminated at the will of either

-- 13 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 14
party.” Id. The issue in Clear Lake City Water
Authority was not a statute of frauds issue but, rather,
whether the water authority could lawfully terminate
its written contract with a utilities provider when
the contract did not contain a provision addressing
duration. Id. at 388. The Court held that, if the
water authority could not terminate its contract with
the utility provider at will, the contract resulted in an
improper restriction on the water authority's exercise
of its governmental powers. Id. at 391. Such a
contract would be void ab initio. Id. The Court
then concluded that, because the parties could not have
intended *164 their contract to be void, the parties
must have intended their contract to be terminable at
will. Id. at 392.
[4] [5] [6] Here, however, there is no contention
that the contract would be void ab initio if it were
not terminable at-will, and the parties' agreement
was not “indefinite in duration.” Both Cannon and
Skafi testified that they intended their agreement with
Westside to last for five years, unless the SAFEClear
contracts were terminated sooner. Although the city
had a contractual right to terminate the SAFEClear
contracts, the possibility of early termination does not
convert the parties' five-year contracts into contracts
of indefinite duration. A contract for performance
that is intended to span a period of more than one
year falls within the statute of frauds even if the
contract may be terminated within one year upon
the happening of some event other than completed
performance.12 See Gilliam v. Kouchoucos, 161 Tex.
299, 340 S.W.2d 27, 29 (1960) (holding that ten-year
employment contract providing for termination upon
death of employee was subject to statute of frauds);
SBC Operations, Inc. v. Bus. Equation, Inc., 75 S.W.3d
462, 466 (Tex.App.-San Antonio 2001, pet. denied)
(stating that contract for services for period of more
than one year was governed by statute of frauds despite
possibility that service provider could be terminated
within one year); Collins v. Allied Pharmacy
Mgmt., Inc., 871 S.W.2d 929, 934 (Tex.App.-Houston
[14th Dist.] 1994, no writ) (holding that employment
contract for three years was within statute even though
under agreement employee could be terminated at
any time for cause); Mann v. NCNB Texas Nat'l
Bank, 854 S.W.2d 664, 668 (Tex.App.-Dallas 1992, no
writ) (concluding that loan agreement with three-year
repayment term was within statute notwithstanding
possibility that debtor would repay loan within year
from its making); Guffey v. Utex Exploration Co., 376
S.W.2d 1, 5 (Tex.Civ.App.-San Antonio 1964, writ
ref'd n.r.e.) (holding that twenty-year gas contract was
within statute of frauds even though contract could be
terminated if wells ceased to produce gas within first
year).
Here, Skafi and Cannon asserted, and the jury found,
that Westside did not have the right to terminate
their agreement at-will. Although their agreement
could have been terminated within the first year
upon the happening of some event—specifically, the
city's termination of the SAFEClear program—that
possibility does not constitute full performance as
contemplated by the parties and does not remove
the parties' agreement from the statute of frauds. See
Gilliam, 340 S.W.2d at 29; SBC Operations, 75 S.W.3d
at 466; Collins, 871 S.W.2d at 934; Mann, 854
S.W.2d at 668; Guffey, 376 S.W.2d at 5. Enforcement
of *165 the parties' oral agreements regarding storage
and “free tows” is barred by the statute of frauds.
Because there is no enforceable contractual obligation
for Westside to pay Skafi and Cannon for storage and
free tows, there is no basis upon which the trial court
could have held Westside liable for the storage and free
tow damages it awarded. We hold that the trial court
erred in awarding these damages. We therefore sustain
Westside's first issue as it relates to enforcement of the
parties' agreements and the availability of towing and
storage fee damages.13
B. Skafi and Cannon may not recover attorney's
fees
[7] In its fourth issue, Westside challenges the trial
court's award of attorney's fees on the ground that Skafi
and Cannon are not prevailing parties. A party can
recover attorney's fees under section 38.001(8) only
if he or she is the “prevailing party” and recovers

-- 14 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 15
actual damages on a breach of contract claim. See
Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem.Code Ann. § 38.001(8) (West
2008) (allowing a party who prevails on a breach of
contract claim to recover his or her attorney's fees);
Green Int'l, Inc. v. Solis, 951 S.W.2d 384, 390
(Tex.1997); Crounse v. State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co.,
336 S.W.3d 717, 720 (Tex.App.-Houston [1st Dist.]
2010, pet. denied). We have held that Skafi and Cannon
cannot recover their breach of contract damages. They
therefore cannot recover attorney's fees under Chapter
38. See Green Int'l, 951 S.W.2d at 390; Crounse,
336 S.W.3d at 720.
We therefore sustain Westside's fourth issue.14
Skafi and Cannon's Cross–Appeal
In their second issue, Skafi and Cannon assert that
the trial court erred in disregarding the jury's findings
on the existence of a partnership (question eight) and
the related questions on breach of duty (questions
nine, ten, twelve, and eighteen), damages (questions
eleven, thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen) and exemplary
damages (questions sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, and
twenty). Skafi and Cannon contend that the jury's
partnership finding is supported by legally sufficient
evidence of the parties' conduct, in conformance with
the requirements of the Texas Revised Partnership
Act. They further argue that the statute of frauds
does not apply because a partnership may be formed
by actions without an agreement. Alternatively, they
argue that the statute of frauds does not apply because
the partnership agreement could have been performed
within one year. Westside takes the opposite position
on each of these arguments.
A. Evidence of a partnership
The parties agree that the former Texas Revised
Partnership Act governs this partnership dispute. See
Act of May 31, 1993, 73d Leg., R.S., ch. 917, § 1,
1993 Tex. Gen. *166 Laws 3887, 3890 (Revised
Statutes art. 6132b–2.02(a) to 2.03(a), expired Jan. 1,
2010) (TRPA).15 Under TRPA, five factors may be
considered to determine whether a partnership was
created:
(1) receipt or right to receive a share of profits of the
business;
(2) expression of intent to be partners in the
business;
(3) participation or right to participate in control of
the business;
(4) sharing or agreeing to share:
(A) losses of the business; or
(B) liability for claims by third parties against the
business; and
(5) contributing or agreeing to contribute money or
property to the business.
TRPA art. 6132b–2.03(a); Ingram v. Deere,
288 S.W.3d 886, 896 (Tex.2009); see also Tex. Bus.
Org.Code Ann. § 152.052(a) (West 2010) (identifying
same factors for creation of a partnership). Skafi and
Cannon contend that the parties, through their conduct,
satisfied each of these five factors.
In Ingram, the Supreme Court of Texas held that,
unlike the common law, TRPA did not require
proof of each of these elements to establish a
partnership. Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 896. Instead, all
of these factors should be considered in determining
whether a partnership exists and no single factor is
determinative. Id. at 896–97. Under this totality-
of-the-circumstances test, even conclusive evidence
of only one factor normally will not be sufficient to
establish the existence of a partnership. Id. at 898.
On the other hand, conclusive evidence of all five
factors will establish a partnership as a matter of law.
Id.
TRPA also lists circumstances that, alone, do not
indicate that a person is a partner in a business,
including the right to a share of profits as compensation
to an employee or independent contractor or the

-- 15 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 16
right to a share of gross returns or revenues. TRPA
art. 6123b–2.03(b)(1)(B), (b)(3); Carpenter v. Phelps,
––– S.W.3d. ––––, –––– – ––––, 2011 WL 1233312
(Tex.App.-Houston [1st Dist.] 2011, no pet.); see also
Tex. Bus. Org.Code Ann. § 152.052(b). The jury
question on the existence of a partnership largely tracks
the language of TRPA with respect to the factors to
consider and the circumstances that cannot, alone,
indicate the existence of a partnership.
1. Sharing profits
[8] [9] Shared rights to profits and to control the
business are generally considered the most important
factors in establishing the existence of a partnership.
Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 896; see also Big Easy
Cajun Corp. v. Dallas Galleria Ltd., 293 S.W.3d 345,
348 (Tex.App.-Dallas 2009, pet. denied) (“The most
important of these factors are sharing profits and
participating in the control of the business.”). It is
undisputed that the parties did not share or account
for the profits from their individual SAFEClear
operations. There is no evidence that the four
companies pooled their profits and then divided them
among themselves or were entitled to an accounting
*167 regarding each other's profits.16 The parties'
profits varied because of difference in their individual
expenses and individual revenues from the services
they provided on the SAFEClear segments.
Skafi and Cannon contend that the parties' equal
sharing of certain expenses and their rotation system
intended to keep revenues “fair” essentially amounted
to sharing profits, stating that “the difference between
equalized revenue and the equal sharing of expenses
generated net profits to each party from the parties'
SAFEClear business (and from which each party
then paid their individual expenses).” They cite the
following evidence in support of this contention:
• testimony from King that each of the parties was
responsible for paying twenty-five percent of the
SAFEClear fees charged by the city;
• testimony from Owens that each of the parties
was responsible for twenty-five percent of the
SAFEClear fees, Messer's salary, dispatch costs,
rent and other miscellaneous expenses associated
with the SAFEClear segments;
• testimony from Skafi that they divided the
SAFEClear coverage areas into four segments
for each of the parties to rotate through “so
that everybody had an equal opportunity as to
what was being available out there” and that this
agreement was something that would “equalize
the revenue between the four”; and
• testimony from Cannon that they divided the
SAFEClear coverage areas into four segments for
the parties to rotate through so that they would
each have an equal opportunity to work the more
valuable and less valuable areas and that this
agreement was “a way to equalize revenues” from
the SAFEClear coverage areas.
We conclude that this evidence does not demonstrate
a sharing of profits for reasons relating to both
sides of a profits calculation: expenses and revenues.
First, the evidence demonstrates that the parties did
not share all of the expenses for their SAFEClear-
related operations. Instead, each company bore some
of its own expenses, including purchasing its own
equipment, installing GPS on its trucks, and paying its
drivers. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 898–99 (holding
that there was no evidence of profit sharing when, even
assuming right to share in gross revenues, there was no
evidence that party's claimed contribution to expenses
was sufficient to satisfy all of alleged partnership's
expenses, leaving only profits to split).
Second, while the parties' intentions were that each
party would have an equal opportunity to earn revenues
from the SAFEClear segments, we are not persuaded
that the evidence establishes that the parties' revenues
actually were equal or that the parties had any right
to equalization of their individual revenues. To the
contrary, the evidence is that each party retained its
own individual revenues from their own work. Cannon
testified, “We shared the freeway to keep the income
as fair as it could be, but we didn't share amongst
ourselves, no.” King and Cannon both testified that
the parties' revenues and profits were determined by
the work they performed individually and not by any

-- 16 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 17
pooling of revenues or profits. Skafi's damage model is
also consistent with each party retaining the revenues
earned from its individual performance of services
rather *168 than any sharing of revenues. In short, the
parties shared in an opportunity but not in profits.
The first factor suggests the absence of a partnership.
2. Expression of intent to be partners
[10] [11] [12] When considering whether the
parties expressed an intent to be partners, courts look at
the parties' speech, writings, and conduct. Ingram,
288 S.W.3d at 899. “Evidence of expressions of intent
could include, for example, the parties' statements that
they are partners, one party holding the other party
out as a partner on the business's letterhead or name
plate, or in a signed partnership agreement.” Id.
at 900. This inquiry is “separate and apart from the
other factors” and should only include evidence not
specifically probative of the other factors. Id. at
899–900.
Skafi and Cannon point to the following evidence that
they assert demonstrates an expression of intent to be
partners:
• Skafi and Cannon included the phrase “as
partner in City of Houston Major Freeway Tow
Agreement” on three checks, one of which was to
Westside.
• Owens testified that he called everyone in the
group of four “loose partners” because “Richard
King and myself had the full responsibility to the
City of Houston[,] and Mr. Cannon and Mr. Skafi
did not have that responsibility.”
• When asked whether the group expressed that they
were partners and who made such expressions,
Skafi responded:
Myself, Mr. Cannon, Mr. Skafi, we discussed
—Mr. Owens—you know, we all discussed the
fact that we were all sharing—Mr. King—that
we all shared everything equally. We shared
the expenses, we shared the responsibilities of
participating in this program equally.
• Cannon testified: “We had came to an agreement
that we would have a four-way partnership, 25
percent, in the SAFEClear program only, nothing
else [.]” He also testified that King identified him
and Skafi as “a partner in our group” to others at
SAFEClear operators' meeting.
• Owens drafted a partnership agreement for the
group.
Skafi and Cannon's printed statement on checks is
evidence of their own intent to be partners but is
not evidence that Westside expressed an intent to be
partners. See Hoss v. Alardin, 338 S.W.3d 635, 644
(Tex.App.-Dallas 2011, no pet.) (“Moreover, ‘there
must be evidence that both parties expressed their
intent to be partners.’ ”) (quoting Ingram, 288
S.W.3d at 900) (emphasis added in Hoss ). There
is no evidence that Westside acknowledged, or even
noticed, this statement on the checks. To the contrary,
King, Owens, Cannon, and Messer each testified that
King told the other members of the foursome that
Westside had no intention of being partners with
anyone. The evidence is that King was emphatic about
Westside not wanting to be in a partnership.
Similarly, Owens's testimony that he considered the
group to be “loose partners” is no evidence of an
expression of intent to be partners by Westside.
See Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 644. Additionally, his
testimony cuts against the existence of a partnership
by indicating that the group did not bear equal
responsibility for SAFEClear services because he
and King, alone, were responsible to the city. He
further explained his answer by stating that the
parties “operated as four different companies.” Finally,
Owens, like King, *169 testified that he did not
understand the foursome to have formed a partnership.
Owens's draft partnership agreement does not
constitute evidence of an expression of intent to be
partners for two reasons. First, King rejected the

-- 17 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 18
agreement, announcing that Westside did not want to
be partners with anyone. Second, the draft partnership
agreement would have created a partnership only
between Westside and Corporate Auto. Skafi's and
Cannon's companies were not included as parties
to the draft agreement. The trial testimony was
their companies were to be subcontractors under
the agreement, which limited subcontractors' rights
to “participation in the daily operation of towing
and recovery partnership” and stated that they had
“no financial rights, interest, or claim to the Major
Freeways Towing Agreement or its segments awarded
by the City of Houston to Corporate Auto [ ] and
Westside [ ].”
Skafi's testimony that the group's discussions of shared
expenses, participation, and responsibility constituted
discussion of a partnership is relevant to show
whether the parties shared expenses or control but
not to whether the parties expressed an intent to
be partners. As the Supreme Court of Texas has
observed, “[E]vidence of profit or loss sharing, control,
or contribution of money or property should not
be considered evidence of an expression of intent
to be partners. Otherwise, all evidence could be an
‘expression’ of the parties' intent, making the intent
factor a catch-all for evidence of any of the factors,
and the separate ‘expression of intent’ inquiry would
be eviscerated.” Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 900.
[13] Cannon's testimony that they had an agreement
for a four-way partnership and that King referred to
them as partners is undercut by two considerations.
First, a reasonable fact finder could not give weight to
Cannon's testimony that their agreement was to form
a partnership without additional evidence as to the
basis of his conclusion. A lay witness's conclusion
as to whether or not a partnership has been formed
is not competent evidence of the formation of a
partnership. See Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 644–45 (citing
Ben Fitzgerald Realty Co. v. Muller, 846 S.W.2d
110, 121 (Tex.App.-Tyler 1993, writ denied)); see
also Torres v. Kelley, No. 13–04–00313–CV, 2007
WL 528849, at *3 (Tex.App.-Corpus Christi Feb. 22,
2007, no pet.) (mem. op.)). Cannon's testimony is
legally competent evidence of his own understanding
of the agreement. But it is not evidence of the
other parties' understanding. There is no evidence that
King stated at that meeting that Westside intended
to form a partnership, or even that Cannon stated
such an intent and King remained silent.17 Without
the factual basis for Cannon's conclusion that the
group had formed a partnership, Cannon's conclusory
opinion is not evidence that King expressed an intent
to be partners. See Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 644–45
(holding that *170 plaintiff's testimony that he and
defendant “specifically agree[d] to be partners” was
conclusory and therefore no evidence of an expression
of intent to be partners under TRPA); Torres, 2007 WL
528849, at *3 (analyzing the existence of a partnership
under TRPA and stating, “While it is true that both
parties and their attorneys made numerous statements
about a partnership to be formed, such conclusory
statements are no evidence of the formation of a
partnership contract. Mere personal belief there may
be a partnership is not probative evidence.”).
Second, King's alleged identification of Skafi and
Cannon as partners at a SAFEClear operator's meeting
is not necessarily indicative of an intent to be partners
in the legal sense. The testimony indicates that King
and Owens referred to Skafi and Cannon as partners
in order that Skafi and Cannon would be allowed
to attend a SAFEClear operator's meeting with them.
Courts have consistently held that “merely referring
to another person as ‘partner’ in a situation where
the recipient of the message would not expect the
declarant to make a statement of legal significance
is not enough.” Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 900; see
also Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 644–45; AIG Risk
Mgmt. Inc. v. Motel 6 Operating L.P., 960 S.W.2d
301, 307 (Tex.App.-Corpus Christi 1997, no pet.)
(holding that letter in which AIG offered to work
with Motel 6 in “partnership” to achieve Motel 6's
risk management objectives did not suggest offer to
form legal partnership but, rather, emphasized AIG's
willingness and interest in working cooperatively
with Motel 6). This is because the term “partner” is
regularly used in common vernacular and may be used
in a variety of ways. Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 900.

-- 18 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 19
We must look to the words used, the context in which
the statement was made, and the identity of the speaker
to determine if such a statement constitutes legally
significant evidence of an expression of intent. Id.
In Ingram, the Court found that Deere's testimony that
Ingram represented that “this was a joint venture, or
that we were partners, or we were doing this together”
constituted no evidence that Ingram expressed an
intent to be partners. Id. at 901. The Court observed
that Deere did not have an accurate understanding of
the legal meaning of a partnership and that the other
evidence did not indicate an expression of intent: the
business did not change its name to identify Deere as
a partner; Deere did not sign the business's lease, was
not named on the business's bank account, never signed
a signature card for the bank account, and never filed
taxes representing that he was a co-owner of the clinic;
and Deere maintained his own insurance. Id.
Here too, none of four towing businesses changed their
name to reference each other, nor did any party register
an assumed name so that they could “do business as”
the partnership. To the contrary, Cannon testified that
Westside could not “do business as” the partnership.
Westside, not any alleged partnership entity, was the
sole party to its SAFEClear contracts with the city. The
parties did not share a bank account or have signatory
authority on each other's bank account. No party filed a
partnership return for the alleged partnership between
the foursome. Finally, each party maintained only
separate insurance for their own business. For the
same reasons articulated by the Court in Ingram, we
conclude that there was no evidence of an expression
of intent to be partners. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at
900–901; see also Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 645 (holding
that there was no evidence of expression of intent
when one party identified the other as a “partner” to
customers but there was no evidence as to why that
*171 showed an expectation that the term carried
legal significance); DeNucci v. Moretti, No. 03–98–
00114–CV, 1999 WL 250141, at *6 (Tex.App.-Austin
Apr. 29, 1999), dism'd after settlement, No. 03–98–
00114–CV, 1999 WL 603589 (Tex.App.-Austin Aug.
12, 1999, no pet.) (stating that “although DeNucci
admitted to referring to Moretti as his “partner”
numerous times, mere legal conclusions by a lay
witness do not prove the existence of a partnership.”)
(mem. op., not designated for publication).
This factor also suggests that the parties did not form
a partnership.
3. Sharing control of business
[14] [15] As noted above, sharing of control,
like sharing of profits, is typically given particular
importance in the analysis of whether a partnership
exists. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 896; Big Easy
Cajun, 293 S.W.3d at 348. The trial testimony of all
four purported partners was that each party ran its own
business. Owens testified that the parties “operated
as four different companies.” Cannon testified, “Mr.
King ran Westside Wrecker Service, and Mr. Owens
run his. I run mine, as I always have, M[s]. Skafi run
hers. This was only for a freeway deal. He handled his
own drivers, trucks [;] I handled mine.” Skafi testified
she ran her towing business after her husband fell ill
in 2005 and that, when King and Messer approached
her and suggested that Messer take control over her
operations, she objected that she did not want a “drill
sergeant” running her drivers. Owens also testified that
none of the four parties had any ability to act on behalf
of or bind the others.
Although Messer handled a number of tasks that were
performed for the benefit of all four tow companies
with respect to the SAFEClear segments, a shared
employee is not the same as shared control. The right
to control a business is the right to make executive
decisions. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 901–02;
Tierra Sol Joint Venture v. City of El Paso, 155 S.W.3d
503, 508 (Tex.App.-El Paso 2004, pet. denied); Price
v. Wrather, 443 S.W.2d 348, 351–52 (Tex.Civ.App.-
Dallas 1969, writ ref'd n.r.e.); Guerrero v. Salinas, No.
13–05–323–CV, 2006 WL 2294578, at *11 (Tex.App.-
Corpus Christi Aug. 10, 2006, no pet.) (mem. op.).
There is no evidence that any of the parties had
any right to make executive decisions that extended
beyond the operation of their own individual company.
See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 901–02; Hoss, 338

-- 19 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 20
S.W.3d at 645–46 (holding that exercise of control
over some subordinate employees was no evidence of
right of control over business operations); Big Easy
Cajun, 293 S.W.3d at 349 (holding that there was no
evidence of shared control when one party provided
administrative services to the other); Knowles v.
Wright, 288 S.W.3d 136, 147 (Tex.App.-Houston [1st
Dist.] 2009, pet. denied) (concluding that testimony
that parties sometimes made decisions together was no
evidence of control when one party had no ability to
control decisions or actions of other party's business
decisions).
Skafi and Cannon also rely on Cannon's testimony
that the parties intended to work out their differences
democratically:
Q. And as far as running the meetings of the group
of four, was this a [d]emocratic process? Was it
supposed to be a [d]emocratic process?
A. It was supposed to be, and it tried to be.
Sometimes it was more of a yelling match; but
all in all, we were able to work out most of our
differences.
Even reading this testimony as supporting a contention
that the parties attempted to run group meetings
democratically, there is no evidence that the group
ever made any executive decision about the operation
*172 of the four towing companies in such a
manner. See Ingram, 288 at 901–02. Here again,
the evidence indicates that parties attempted to work
together as separate business entities seeking to
share in a particular, mutually-beneficial business
opportunity but did not work together to exercise
shared control over a single, united partnership entity
or over each others' individual business entities.
This factor suggests the absence of a partnership.
4. Sharing losses or liability
[16] The evidence demonstrates that the parties did
not share losses or liability. When asked whether
he might share any liability for Westside's drivers,
Cannon testified, “We never had that kind of
agreement.” He further stated that their agreement was
not the kind of agreement where Westside could be
doing business in the name of their alleged partnership.
Owens also testified that the parties did not share
liabilities. King likewise testified that the parties never
shared losses or liabilities for debts. And each party
maintained its own separate liability insurance. While
the parties shared certain expenses, sharing specific
expenses is not evidence of sharing losses or liabilities.
See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 902 (holding that
sharing of revenue and contribution of specific portion
of revenue to expenses was not evidence of shared
losses when party had no liability for losses in excess
of predetermined contribution to expenses).
This factor does not support the existence of a
partnership.
5. Contributing money or property to the
business
[17] Skafi and Cannon rely on their sharing
SAFEClear expenses as evidence that they contributed
money or property to the business. They also note
that the four companies' equipment and assets were
identified in the SAFEClear bid packages.
While the sharing of these expenses is consistent
with a partnership between the parties, it is equally
consistent with the possibility that the four towing
companies agreed to share the cost of obtaining
a particular business opportunity—participation in
the SAFEClear program—in which they would all
participate equally, but as individual companies. Cf.
Smith v. Deneve, 285 S.W.3d 904, 915 (Tex.App.-
Dallas 2009, no pet.) (holding that evidence that
party made contributions toward mortgage payment
on house was not evidence that he contributed to
partnership to buy, fix-up and sell house for profit
when he was also living in house and mortgage
payment was equally consistent with conclusion
that other party owned house and he paid rent);
Resendez v. Maloney, No. 01–08–00954–CV, 2010
WL 5395674, at *7 (Tex.App.-Houston [1st Dist.] Dec.
30, 2010, pet. denied) (mem. op.) (holding that plaintiff
failed to satisfy partial performance as exception
to statute of frauds bar against alleged ten-year

-- 20 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 21
partnership agreement because evidence of companies
working together on twenty-three prior events was
equally consistent with companies merely working
together without partnership agreement). Additionally,
sharing in expenses does not necessarily constitute
contributing money or property to a partnership. For
example, in Ingram, the evidence showed that the party
claiming a partnership had agreed to have a certain
amount deducted from his share of the organization's
revenues to cover expenses, but that evidence was
not discussed with respect to contribution, of which
the Texas Supreme Court concluded there was no
evidence. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 899, 902–03.
The payments made by Skafi's and Cannon's towing
companies were not made to *173 an alleged
partnership entity; they were made to Westside
and Corporate Auto. The checks expressly noted,
however, that they were issued “as partner in City
of Houston Major Freeway Tow Agreement.” We
conclude that this is some evidence that Skafi and
Cannon contributed money to the alleged partnership
by issuing payments of SAFEClear fees purportedly
made on behalf of the partnership.
Like the shared expenses, the listing of all four towing
companies' assets on the SAFEClear bids is equally
consistent with the possibility that four separate
companies were working together to obtain a business
opportunity in which they might each partake. There
is no evidence that the parties transferred ownership or
any interest in their individual assets to a partnership
entity or that any of the four towing companies had a
right to possess or use assets belonging to one of the
others.
Under this factor alone, there is some evidence of a
partnership.
6. Conclusion
[18] TRPA defines a partnership as “an association of
two or more persons to carry on a business for profit
as owners.” TRPA art. 6132b–2.02(a); Ingram,
288 S.W.3d at 894; see also Tex. Bus. Org.Code
Ann. § 152.051(b). But the parties did not associate
for the purpose of carrying on a single business in
which they each held an ownership interest; instead,
the four separate businesses agreed to work together
for their mutual, but individually realized, benefit.
Such coordinated business efforts do not, alone, create
a partnership under Texas law. See Ingram, 288
S.W.3d at 894; see also Tex. Bus. Org.Code Ann. §
152.056 (“A partnership is an entity district from its
partners.”). The parties did not share profits, losses, or
liabilities. Although the parties shared an employee,
each party maintained exclusive control over his or
her own business operations. There is no evidence
that King or any other representative of Westside ever
expressed an intent to be partners with Skafi and
Cannon; instead, there is uncontested evidence that
King told the others that Westside would not form
a partnership with anyone. There is, however, some
evidence that Skafi and Cannon contributed money to
the alleged partnership.
Considering this evidence in its totality, we conclude
that the evidence is not legally sufficient to support the
jury's finding that Westside created a partnership with
Skafi and Cannon. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 899–
904 (applying totality-of-the-circumstances test); see
also Hoss, 338 S.W.3d at 650 (holding that evidence
was legally insufficient to support partnership finding
when there was no evidence of four out of five TRPA
factors and only weak evidence on the fifth factor);
Big Easy Cajun, 293 S.W.3d at 349 (applying totality-
of-the-circumstances test to determine that there was
no evidence to support existence of a partnership).
This conclusion negates the predicate for Skafi's and
Cannon's claims for breach of fiduciary duty and
breach of the duties of care and loyalty. See Hoss,
338 S.W.3d at 650 (“Our conclusion that the jury's
finding of a partnership between Hoss and Alardin was
supported by legally insufficient evidence negates the
predicate for Alardin's recovery for breach of fiduciary
duty, so we need not consider Hoss's remaining issues
on appeal.”). We therefore hold that the trial court
properly disregarded the jury's answers to questions
eight (partnership), nine (duty of loyalty), ten (duty of
care), eleven (Skafi's breach of duty of care and loyalty
damages), twelve (fiduciary duty), thirteen (Skafi's

-- 21 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 22
breach of fiduciary duty damages), fourteen and fifteen
(mitigation of Skafi's damages).
Because we conclude that there is not legally sufficient
evidence to support the *174 jury's determination that
Westside created a partnership with Skafi and Cannon,
we do not reach Skafi and Cannon's contention that a
partnership can be formed by conduct in the absence of
an agreement when such an agreement would be barred
by the statute of frauds. Cf. Carpenter, ––– S.W.3d
at –––– (when agreement concerning real property
was barred by statute of frauds, there was no basis
for partnership between parties to develop the real
property).
B. Exemplary damages
Although Skafi and Cannon assert that the trial court
erred in disregarding the jury's answers to the questions
on exemplary damages (questions sixteen, seventeen,
nineteen, and twenty), they make no argument specific
to exemplary damages. The implication is that if
the partnership finding is reinstated, so too must
the exemplary findings be reinstated.18 We have
held that the trial court properly disregarded the
jury's partnership finding. A party may not recover
exemplary damages unless the party also recovers
actual damages on a claim for which exemplary
damages are available. Jim Walter Homes, Inc. v.
Reed, 711 S.W.2d 617, 618 (Tex.1986); El–Khoury
v. Kheir, 241 S.W.3d 82, 89 (Tex.App.-Houston [1st
Dist.] 2007, pet. denied). Because neither Skafi nor
Cannon are entitled to recover actual damages, they are
not entitled to recover exemplary damages. See El–
Khoury, 241 S.W.3d at 89.
We overrule Skafi and Cannon's fourth issue.19
Conclusion
The trial court erred in awarding Skafi and Cannon
damages for unpaid towing or storage because the
alleged agreement creating liability for those damages
is unenforceable under the statute of frauds. The
trial court properly disregarded the jury's partnership-
related findings because the evidence is not legally
sufficient to support the existence of a partnership
between Westside and Skafi or Cannon. We reverse
the trial court's judgment with respect to Westside and
enter judgment that Skafi and Cannon take nothing on
their claims against Westside.
All Citations
361 S.W.3d 153
Footnotes
1 Paragraph seven of the trial court's judgment grants a take-nothing judgment on Skafi and Cannon's claims
against Richard King. This portion of the judgment has not been attacked on appeal and is affirmed.
2 Corporate Auto Sales is not a party to this appeal.
3 As originally envisioned, the SAFEClear program required drivers of disabled vehicles to pay a flat fee of
$75 to the tow truck operator. This aspect of the program was unpopular with voters, and the program was
revamped to require tow truck operators to tow disabled cars off the freeway and to a side street at no
cost to the driver. The city agreed to reimburse the operators for these “free tows” at a rate of $50 per tow.
Thus, Westside and Corporate Auto received reimbursements from the city for the free tows provided in their
respective SAFEClear segments. They could then reimburse Cannon and the Skafis for their “free tows.”
4 This may be a result of the trial court's mid-trial ruling excluding Cannon's lost profits damage model. Neither
party challenges that ruling on appeal.

-- 22 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 23
5 The jury charge required the jury to find a breach of the duties of loyalty and care, placing the burden of
proof on the plaintiffs for these questions. But the jury charge required the jury to find compliance with the
fiduciary duty, placing the burden of proof on the defendant for this question.
6 Because the jury charge contains no questions for damages to Cannon resulting from Westside's breaches
of its duties of loyalty, care, and as a fiduciary, it is unclear what harm to Cannon could support the exemplary
damage award to him.
7 The remaining jury questions are questions in which the jury found that Skafi and Cannon did not breach
their agreements or duties and questions that were not answered due to the answer to the corresponding
predicate question.
8 No party argues on appeal that this award does not conform to the pleadings.
9 At oral argument, counsel for Skafi and Cannon indicated that Westside's obligation to pay Skafi and Cannon
for storage fees and Cannon for free tows was part of their subcontractor relationship with Westside. This
theory was not submitted to the jury. The only jury question on breach of contract was question four, which
globally addressed the parties' various alleged promises in a single question.
10 The SAFEClear contracts were eventually extended to a five-and-one-half-year term, but the testimony
generally references the original five-year term.
11 The evidence demonstrated that, at the time the agreements were reached, the parties expected to continue
all of their obligations to each other for the term of the SAFEClear contract. There is no controverting
evidence indicating that the parties contemplated a different or lesser term for any “side deal.”
12 By contrast, contracts in which the contemplated performance may or may not span a period of more
than one year fall outside the statute of frauds. Compare Young v. Ward, 917 S.W.2d 506, 510–11
(Tex.App.-Waco 1996, no writ) (contract for performance for length of one party's life was outside statute
of frauds because, if party died within one year, contract would have been fully performed within one year),
with Chevalier v. Lane's, Inc., 147 Tex. 106, 213 S.W.2d 530, 532–33 (1948) (employment contract for
specified period in excess of one year was within the statute of frauds despite possibility that employee
could die within one year). This is because the statute of frauds applies to “an agreement which is not to be
performed within one year” rather than an agreement that may not be terminated within one year. Tex. Bus.
& Com.Code Ann. § 26.01 (West 2009). Termination of a contract may occur in the absence of completed
performance, but such a termination does not alter the applicability of the statute of frauds to the contract.
See Gilliam v. Kouchoucos, 161 Tex. 299, 340 S.W.2d 27, 28–29 (1960); Young, 917 S.W.2d at 511.
13 In light of our holding on this issue, we need not reach Westside's second issue—relating to the absence of a
liability finding with respect to the existence of a partnership—or its third issues—challenging the sufficiency
of Skafi and Cannon's damages evidence. We likewise overrule Skafi and Cannon's first and second issues,
which, respectively, challenge the trial court's decision to disregard the jury's breach of contract finding and
assert that the damages question subsumes a liability finding.
14 In light of our holding on this issue, we need not reach Westside's fifth and sixth issues, raising other
challenges to the attorney's fees award. We also need not reach Skafi and Cannon's third issue relating to
the reasonableness of the attorney's fees and the failure to segregate.
15 TRPA expired on January 1, 2010. After that date, the Texas Business Organizations Code applied to all
partnerships, “regardless of their formation date.” Ingram v. Deere, 288 S.W.3d 886, 905 n. 4 (Tex.2009).
Both TRPA and the TBOC identify the same five factors for determining whether parties have formed a

-- 23 of 24 --

Carvalho, Ana 3/27/2026
For Educational Use Only
Westside Wrecker Service, Inc. v. Skafi, 361 S.W.3d 153 (2011)
© 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 24
partnership. Compare Tex. Bus. Orgs.Code Ann. § 152.052(a) (West Supp. 2011), with TRPA art. 6132b–
2.03. Because the parties argue under TRPA, and the factors are the same under TBOC, we will discuss
the parties' arguments with respect to TRPA and include citations to the relevant provision of the TBOC.
16 Texas courts have recognized a distinction between a right to a share of revenues and a right to a share of
profits in this context. See Ingram, 288 S.W.3d at 899 (citing Schlumberger Tech. Corp. v. Swanson,
959 S.W.2d 171, 176 (Tex.1997)).
17 To the contrary, Owens testified that no one used the word “partner” at that meeting or in any group
discussions before he drafted a proposed partnership agreement. King likewise testified that no one used
the word “partnership” before Owens brought his draft agreement to the group. Messer, who was also
present at the group's initial meetings, testified that no one mentioned the term “partnership” before Owens
brought his proposed partnership agreement to a meeting. Owens testified that, when he drew up a proposed
partnership agreement, he made only Corporate Auto and Westside partners and brought the agreement to
Westside alone because he felt that Skafi and Cannon were subcontractors who should not be included in
the discussions. And, as noted above, King rejected Owens's proposed partnership agreement, informing
all four parties that Westside would not form a partnership with any other party.
18 Even if Skafi and Cannon had prevailed on their contractual claims, exemplary damages are not available
for breach of contract. See Tony Gullo Motors I, L.P. v. Chapa, 212 S.W.3d 299, 304 (Tex.2006).
19 Because of our holding on this issue, we need not reach Skafi and Cannon's fifth issue, requesting remand
in the event the partnership finding were reinstated.
End of Document © 2026 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S.
Government Works.

-- 24 of 24 --